Tasks API documentation refactor (#14492)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/tasks-api.md

In this document, `http://<SERVICE_IP>:<SERVICE_PORT>` is a placeholder for the server address of deployment and the service port. For example, on the quickstart configuration, replace `http://<ROUTER_IP>:<ROUTER_PORT>` with `http://localhost:8888`.

## Task information and retrieval 

### Get an array of tasks

#### URL
<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/tasks`

Retrieves an array of all tasks in the Druid cluster. Each task object includes information on its ID, status, associated datasource, and other metadata. For definitions of the response properties, see the [Tasks table](../querying/sql-metadata-tables.md#tasks-table).

#### Query parameters

The endpoint supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|`state`|String|Filter list of tasks by task state, valid options are `running`, `complete`, `waiting`, and `pending`.|
| `datasource`|String| Return tasks filtered by Druid datasource.|

> | `createdTimeInterval`|String (ISO-8601)| Return tasks created within the specified interval. The interval string should be delimited by `_` instead of `/`. For example, `2023-06-27_2023-06-28`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `createdTimeInterval`|String (ISO-8601)| Return tasks created within the specified interval. Use `_` as the delimiter for the interval string. Do not use `/`. For example, `2023-06-27_2023-06-28`.|
```

        "payload": {
            "ingestionState": "COMPLETED",
            "unparseableEvents": {},
            "rowStats": {
                "determinePartitions": {
                    "processed": 0,
                    "processedBytes": 0,
                    "processedWithError": 0,
                    "thrownAway": 0,
                    "unparseable": 0
                },
                "buildSegments": {
                    "processed": 39244,
                    "processedBytes": 17106256,
                    "processedWithError": 0,
                    "thrownAway": 0,
                    "unparseable": 0
                }
            },
            "errorMsg": null,
            "segmentAvailabilityConfirmed": false,
            "segmentAvailabilityWaitTimeMs": 0
        }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

## Task operations

### Submit a task

#### URL

<code class="postAPI">POST</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task`

Submits a JSON-based ingestion spec or supervisor spec to the Overlord. It returns the task ID of the submitted task. For information on creating an ingestion spec, refer to the [ingestion spec reference](../ingestion/ingestion-spec.md).

> Note that for most batch ingestion use cases, you should prefer to use [SQL-ingestion API](./sql-ingestion-api.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for most batch ingestion use cases, you should use [SQL-ingestion API](./sql-ingestion-api.md).
```

This document describes the API endpoints for task retrieval, submission, and deletion for Apache Druid.

> Note that all _interval_ URL parameters are ISO 8601 strings delimited by a `_` instead of a `/`
> as in `2016-06-27_2016-06-28`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For query parameters that take an interval, provide ISO 8601 strings delimited by `_` instead of `/`.
For example, `2023-06-27_2023-06-28`.
```

## Task information and retrieval 

### Get an array of tasks

#### URL
<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/tasks`

> This endpoint retrieves an array of all task objects currently running or executed in the current Druid cluster. It provides information about each task such as its task id, task status, associated data source, and other metadata. It supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint retrieves an array of all task objects currently running or executed in the current Druid cluster. A task object provides information including its ID, status, associated datasource, and other metadata. The endpoint supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 
```

> This endpoint retrieves an array of all task objects currently running or executed in the current Druid cluster. It provides information about each task such as its task id, task status, associated data source, and other metadata. It supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 

Reviewer 2: What does "or executed" mean, completed? Would it be accurate to say "all tasks objects in the Druid cluster"?

Also not sure what "current" Druid cluster means. (and ditto for all the requests that mention it)

> This endpoint retrieves an array of all task objects currently running or executed in the current Druid cluster. It provides information about each task such as its task id, task status, associated data source, and other metadata. It supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 

Reviewer 2: Suggest moving the last statement to the query parameters section, something like:
```
You can filter query results with the following optional query parameters.
```
(ditto for all requests)

#### Query parameters
|Parameter|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|`state`|String|Filter list of tasks by task state, valid options are `running`, `complete`, `waiting`, and `pending`.|
| `datasource`|String| Return tasks filtered by Druid datasource.|
| `createdTimeInterval`|String (ISO-8601)| Return tasks created within the specified interval. |

> | `max`|Integer|Maximum number of `"complete"` tasks to return. Only applies when `state` is set to `"complete"`.|

Reviewer 2: If we use quotation marks around `"complete"` here, we should stay consistent for the description of `state`.

| `type`|String|Filter tasks by task type. See [task documentation](../ingestion/tasks.md) for more details.|

> #### Responses

Reviewer 2: Something to consider: To demarcate the responses section from the sample request section, you can add a horizontal rule `---` to the bottom of each response tab so that the sample request heading doesn't look like it's part of the response.
![image](https://github.com/apache/druid/assets/7747997/cada8cb7-10d0-4111-8201-7fc0c0291852)

        "type": "query_worker",
        "createdTime": "2023-06-20T22:51:21.302Z",
        "queueInsertionTime": "1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
        "statusCode": "SUCCESS",
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "runnerStatusCode": "NONE",
        "duration": 16911,
        "location": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "port": 8101,
            "tlsPort": -1
        },
        "dataSource": "wikipedia_api",
        "errorMsg": null
    },
    {
        "id": "query-5419da7a-b270-492f-90e6-920ecfba766a-worker0_0",
        "groupId": "query-5419da7a-b270-492f-90e6-920ecfba766a",
        "type": "query_worker",
        "createdTime": "2023-06-20T22:45:53.909Z",
        "queueInsertionTime": "1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
        "statusCode": "SUCCESS",
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "runnerStatusCode": "NONE",
        "duration": 17030,
        "location": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "port": 8101,
            "tlsPort": -1
        },
        "dataSource": "wikipedia_api",
        "errorMsg": null
    }
  ]
  ```

</details>

### Get an array of complete tasks

#### URL
<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/completeTasks`

> This endpoint retrieves an array of completed task objects in the current Druid cluster. This is functionally equivalent to `/druid/indexer/v1/tasks?state=complete`. It supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint retrieves an array of completed tasks in the Druid cluster. This is functionally equivalent to `/druid/indexer/v1/tasks?state=complete`. It supports a set of optional query parameters to filter results. 
```

Reviewer 2: It could be less wordy to refer to them as "tasks" instead of "task objects"

Reviewer 2: Very handy to say what this endpoint is functionally equivalent to in the previous endpoint 👌

        "type": "query_controller",
        "createdTime": "2023-06-23T19:53:06.037Z",
        "queueInsertionTime": "2023-06-23T19:53:06.037Z",
        "statusCode": "RUNNING",
        "status": "RUNNING",
        "runnerStatusCode": "PENDING",
        "duration": -1,
        "location": {
            "host": null,
            "port": -1,
            "tlsPort": -1
        },
        "dataSource": "wikipedia_api",
        "errorMsg": null
    },
    {
        "id": "query-544f0c41-f81d-4504-b98b-f9ab8b36ef36",
        "groupId": "query-544f0c41-f81d-4504-b98b-f9ab8b36ef36",
        "type": "query_controller",
        "createdTime": "2023-06-23T19:53:06.616Z",
        "queueInsertionTime": "2023-06-23T19:53:06.616Z",
        "statusCode": "RUNNING",
        "status": "RUNNING",
        "runnerStatusCode": "PENDING",
        "duration": -1,
        "location": {
            "host": null,
            "port": -1,
            "tlsPort": -1
        },
        "dataSource": "wikipedia_api",
        "errorMsg": null
    }
  ]
  ```

</details>

### Get task payload

#### URL
<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task/{taskId}`

> Retrieves the payload of a task given the task id. It returns a JSON object with the task id and payload which includes task configuration details and relevant specifications associated with the execution of the task.

Reviewer 2: The previous descriptions started with "This endpoint" but this one starts with a verb. Either is okay, but let's choose one and be consistent throughout.

Reviewer 2: Also stay consistent on whether the description starts with "Retrieves" or "Retrieve"

> Retrieves the payload of a task given the task id. It returns a JSON object with the task id and payload which includes task configuration details and relevant specifications associated with the execution of the task.

Reviewer 2: Let's use all caps for ID

> Retrieves the payload of a task given the task id. It returns a JSON object with the task id and payload which includes task configuration details and relevant specifications associated with the execution of the task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieves the payload of a task given the task id. It returns a JSON object with the task id and payload that includes task configuration details and relevant specifications associated with the execution of the task.
```

#### Query parameters

> No query parameters.

Reviewer 2: If an endpoint doesn't have query parameters, we can remove this section altogether.

            "stringifyArrays": true
        },
        "sqlTypeNames": [
            "TIMESTAMP",
            "BIGINT",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "BIGINT",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "BIGINT",
            "BIGINT",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR",
            "VARCHAR"
        ],
        "context": {
            "forceTimeChunkLock": true,
            "useLineageBasedSegmentAllocation": true
        },
        "groupId": "query-32663269-ead9-405a-8eb6-0817a952ef47",
        "dataSource": "wikipedia_api",
        "resource": {
            "availabilityGroup": "query-32663269-ead9-405a-8eb6-0817a952ef47",
            "requiredCapacity": 1
        }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

### Get task status

#### URL
<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task/{taskId}/status`

> Retrieves the status of a task given the task id. It returns a JSON object with the task's current status (`running`, `complete`, `waiting`, `pending`), task type, datasource, and other relevant metadata.

Reviewer 2: We should refer to it as "state" instead of status to match the query parameter used in the first endpoint. Suggest also removing the parenthetical altogether, or creating a separate follow up sentence for it.

Host: {domain}
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>

  ```json
  {
    'task': 'query-223549f8-b993-4483-b028-1b0d54713cad',
    'status': {
      'id': 'query-223549f8-b993-4483-b028-1b0d54713cad',
      'groupId': 'query-223549f8-b993-4483-b028-1b0d54713cad',
      'type': 'query_controller',
      'createdTime': '2023-06-22T22:11:28.367Z',
      'queueInsertionTime': '1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z',
      'statusCode': 'RUNNING',
      'status': 'RUNNING',
      'runnerStatusCode': 'RUNNING',
      'duration': -1,
      'location': {'host': 'localhost', 'port': 8100, 'tlsPort': -1},
      'dataSource': 'wikipedia_api',
      'errorMsg': None
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

### Get task segments

#### URL

<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task/{taskId}/segments`

> This API is deprecated and will be removed in future releases.

Retrieves information about segments generated by the task given the task id. To hit this endpoint, make sure to enable the audit log config on the Overlord with `druid.indexer.auditLog.enabled = true`.

> In addition to enabling audit log config, enable the cleanup of audit logs on the Coordinator. For reference, see [Audit records](../operations/clean-metadata-store.md#audit-records).

Reviewer 2: This is a great addition. Are both of these required to access the endpoint? If so, I would phrase it more directly. For example:
```
To use this endpoint, you must enable the following:
* Enable the audit log...
* Enable the cleanup of audit logs...
```

                    "thrownAway": 0,
                    "unparseable": 0
                },
                "buildSegments": {
                    "processed": 39244,
                    "processedBytes": 17106256,
                    "processedWithError": 0,
                    "thrownAway": 0,
                    "unparseable": 0
                }
            },
            "errorMsg": null,
            "segmentAvailabilityConfirmed": false,
            "segmentAvailabilityWaitTimeMs": 0
        }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

## Task operations

### Submit a task

#### URL

<code class="postAPI">POST</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task`

Endpoint for submitting tasks and supervisor specs to the Overlord. It returns the task id of the submitted task.

#### Query parameters

No query parameters.

#### Responses
<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--200 SUCCESS-->
<br/>
*Successfully submitted task* 
<!--400 BAD REQUEST-->
<br/>
*Missing information in query* 
<!--415 UNSUPPORTED MEDIA TYPE-->
<br/>
*Incorrect request body media type* 
<!--500 Server Error-->
<br/>
*Unexpected token or characters in request body* 
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample request

> The following request is an example of submitting a task to create a datasource named "wikipedia auto".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following request is an example of submitting a task to create a datasource named `"wikipedia_auto"`.
```

      "timestampSpec": {
        "column": "time",
        "format": "iso"
      },
      "dimensionsSpec" : {
        "useSchemaDiscovery": true
      },
      "metricsSpec" : [],
      "granularitySpec" : {
        "type" : "uniform",
        "segmentGranularity" : "day",
        "queryGranularity" : "none",
        "intervals" : ["2015-09-12/2015-09-13"],
        "rollup" : false
      }
    },
    "ioConfig" : {
      "type" : "index_parallel",
      "inputSource" : {
        "type" : "local",
        "baseDir" : "quickstart/tutorial/",
        "filter" : "wikiticker-2015-09-12-sampled.json.gz"
      },
      "inputFormat" : {
        "type" : "json"
      },
      "appendToExisting" : false
    },
    "tuningConfig" : {
      "type" : "index_parallel",
      "maxRowsPerSegment" : 5000000,
      "maxRowsInMemory" : 25000
    }
  }
}
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>

  ```json
  {
      "task": "index_parallel_wikipedia_odofhkle_2023-06-23T21:07:28.226Z"
  }
  ```

</details>

### Shut down a task

#### URL
<code class="postAPI">POST</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task/{taskId}/shutdown`

> Shuts down a task if it not already complete. Returns a JSON object with the id of the task that was shutdown successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shuts down a task if it not already complete. Returns a JSON object with the id of the task that was shut down successfully.
```

#### Query parameters

No query parameters.

#### Responses
<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--200 SUCCESS-->
<br/>
*Successfully shut down task* 
<!--404 NOT FOUND-->
<br/>
*Cannot find task with id* 
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample request

> The following request is an example of shutting down task of id `query-52as 8aafe-7265-4427-89fe-dc51275cc470`.

Reviewer 2: Prefer active voice when possible
```suggestion
The following request shows how to shut down a task with the ID `query-52as 8aafe-7265-4427-89fe-dc51275cc470`.
```

```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>
  
  ```json
  {
    "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jbgiianh_2023-06-26T23:17:56.769Z": {
        "id": "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jbgiianh_2023-06-26T23:17:56.769Z",
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "duration": 10630,
        "errorMsg": null,
        "location": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "port": 8100,
            "tlsPort": -1
        }
    },
    "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jndhkpbo_2023-06-26T17:23:05.308Z": {
        "id": "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jndhkpbo_2023-06-26T17:23:05.308Z",
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "duration": 11012,
        "errorMsg": null,
        "location": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "port": 8100,
            "tlsPort": -1
        }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

### Clean up pending segments for a data source.

#### URL

<code class="deleteAPI">DELETE</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/pendingSegments/{dataSource}`

Manually clean up pending segments table in metadata storage for `datasource`. It returns a JSON object response with

> `numDeleted` and count of rows deleted from the pending segments table. This API is used by the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`numDeleted` for the number of rows deleted from the pending segments table. This API is used by the
```

> `druid.coordinator.kill.pendingSegments.on` [coordinator setting](../configuration/index.md#coordinator-operation)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`druid.coordinator.kill.pendingSegments.on` [Coordinator setting](../configuration/index.md#coordinator-operation)
```

This document describes the API endpoints for task retrieval, submission, and deletion for Apache Druid.

For query parameters that take an interval, provide ISO 8601 strings delimited by `_` instead of `/`. For example, `2023-06-27_2023-06-28`.
In this document, `{domain}` is a placeholder for the server address of deployment.

## Task information and retrieval 

### Get an array of tasks

#### URL
<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/tasks`

> Retrieves an array of all tasks in the Druid cluster. Returns a task object with information including its ID, status, associated datasource, and other metadata. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieves an array of all tasks in the Druid cluster. Each task object includes information on its ID, status, associated datasource, and other metadata. 
```

Host: {domain}
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>

  ```json
  {
    'task': 'query-223549f8-b993-4483-b028-1b0d54713cad',
    'status': {
      'id': 'query-223549f8-b993-4483-b028-1b0d54713cad',
      'groupId': 'query-223549f8-b993-4483-b028-1b0d54713cad',
      'type': 'query_controller',
      'createdTime': '2023-06-22T22:11:28.367Z',
      'queueInsertionTime': '1970-01-01T00:00:00.000Z',
      'statusCode': 'RUNNING',
      'status': 'RUNNING',
      'runnerStatusCode': 'RUNNING',
      'duration': -1,
      'location': {'host': 'localhost', 'port': 8100, 'tlsPort': -1},
      'dataSource': 'wikipedia_api',
      'errorMsg': None
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

### Get task segments

#### URL

<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task/{taskId}/segments`

> This API is deprecated and will be removed in future releases.

Retrieves information about segments generated by the task given the task ID. To hit this endpoint, make sure to enable the audit log config on the Overlord with `druid.indexer.auditLog.enabled = true`.

> In addition to enabling audit logs, configure a cleanup strategy to prevent overloading the metadata store with old audit logs and cause performance issues. You can enable automated cleanup of audit logs on the Coordinator with `druid.coordinator.kill.audit.on` or export the audit logs to external storage. For reference, see [Audit records](../operations/clean-metadata-store.md#audit-records).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to enabling audit logs, configure a cleanup strategy to prevent overloading the metadata store with old audit logs which may cause performance issues. To enable automated cleanup of audit logs on the Coordinator, set `druid.coordinator.kill.audit.on`. You may also manually export the audit logs to external storage. For more information, see [Audit records](../operations/clean-metadata-store.md#audit-records).
```
I assume export is a manual process and not automated cleanup?

#### Responses
<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--200 SUCCESS-->
<br/>
*Successfully retrieved task segments* 
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

---

#### Sample request

The following examples shows how to retrieve the task segment of the task with the specified ID `query-52a8aafe-7265-4427-89fe-dc51275cc470`.

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--cURL-->
```shell
curl "{domain}/druid/indexer/v1/task/query-52a8aafe-7265-4427-89fe-dc51275cc470/reports"
```
<!--HTTP-->
```HTTP
GET /druid/indexer/v1/task/query-52a8aafe-7265-4427-89fe-dc51275cc470/reports HTTP/1.1
Host: {domain}
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response

A successful request returns a `200 OK` response and an array of the task segments.

### Get task completion report

#### URL

<code class="getAPI">GET</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task/{taskId}/reports`

> Retrieves a [task completion report](../ingestion/tasks.md#task-reports) for a task. It returns a JSON object with information about the number of rows ingested, and any parse exceptions that occurred. It is available for both completed tasks and running tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieves a [task completion report](../ingestion/tasks.md#task-reports) for a task. It returns a JSON object with information about the number of rows ingested and any parse exceptions that Druid raised. It is available for both completed tasks and running tasks.
```

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>
  
  ```json
  {
    "ingestionStatsAndErrors": {
        "type": "ingestionStatsAndErrors",
        "taskId": "query-52a8aafe-7265-4427-89fe-dc51275cc470",
        "payload": {
            "ingestionState": "COMPLETED",
            "unparseableEvents": {},
            "rowStats": {
                "determinePartitions": {
                    "processed": 0,
                    "processedBytes": 0,
                    "processedWithError": 0,
                    "thrownAway": 0,
                    "unparseable": 0
                },
                "buildSegments": {
                    "processed": 39244,
                    "processedBytes": 17106256,
                    "processedWithError": 0,
                    "thrownAway": 0,
                    "unparseable": 0
                }
            },
            "errorMsg": null,
            "segmentAvailabilityConfirmed": false,
            "segmentAvailabilityWaitTimeMs": 0
        }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

## Task operations

### Submit a task

#### URL

<code class="postAPI">POST</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/task`

> Endpoint for submitting tasks and supervisor specs to the Overlord. It returns the task ID of the submitted task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Submits a task or supervisor spec to the Overlord. It returns the task ID of the submitted task.
```

#### URL
<code class="postAPI">POST</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/datasources/{dataSource}/shutdownAllTasks`

Shuts down all tasks for a specified datasource. If successful, it returns a JSON object with the name of the datasource whose tasks are shut down.

#### Responses

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--200 SUCCESS-->
<br/>
*Successfully shut down tasks* 
<!--404 NOT FOUND-->
<br/>
*Error or datasource does not have a running task* 
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

---

#### Sample request

The following request is an example of shutting down all tasks for datasource `wikipedia_auto`.

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

<!--cURL-->
```shell
curl --request POST "{domain}/druid/indexer/v1/datasources/wikipedia_auto/shutdownAllTasks"
```
<!--HTTP-->
```HTTP
POST /druid/indexer/v1/datasources/wikipedia_auto/shutdownAllTasks HTTP/1.1
Host: {domain}
```

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>
  
  ```json
  {
    "dataSource": "wikipedia_api"
  }
  ```

</details>

## Task management

### Retrieve status objects for tasks

#### URL
<code class="postAPI">POST</code> `/druid/indexer/v1/taskStatus`

> Retrieves list of task status objects for list of task ID strings in request body. It returns a set of JSON objects with the status, duration, location of each task, and any error messages if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Retrieves list of task status objects for list of task ID strings in request body. It returns a set of JSON objects with the status, duration, location of each task, and any error messages.
```
"any" covers "if applicable"

```
<!--HTTP-->
```HTTP
POST /druid/indexer/v1/taskStatus HTTP/1.1
Host: {domain}
Content-Type: application/json
Content-Length: 134

["index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jndhkpbo_2023-06-26T17:23:05.308Z", "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jbgiianh_2023-06-26T23:17:56.769Z"]
```
<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

#### Sample response
<details>
  <summary>Click to show sample response</summary>
  
  ```json
  {
    "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jbgiianh_2023-06-26T23:17:56.769Z": {
        "id": "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jbgiianh_2023-06-26T23:17:56.769Z",
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "duration": 10630,
        "errorMsg": null,
        "location": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "port": 8100,
            "tlsPort": -1
        }
    },
    "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jndhkpbo_2023-06-26T17:23:05.308Z": {
        "id": "index_parallel_wikipedia_auto_jndhkpbo_2023-06-26T17:23:05.308Z",
        "status": "SUCCESS",
        "duration": 11012,
        "errorMsg": null,
        "location": {
            "host": "localhost",
            "port": 8100,
            "tlsPort": -1
        }
    }
  }
  ```

</details>

> ### Clean up pending segments for a datasource.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Clean up pending segments for a datasource
```
